I will go to the store and get a bag of ice for the cat and the dog to eat on the rug in the den of the house that we live in now. It is a good day to be out in the sun and run with the ball in the park with all of the boys and girls who are there to play. I do not like to eat the ham and the egg that is on the plate for me to eat right now so I will not eat it at all. The sky is blue and the sun is hot on my face as I walk down the road to get to the car that is park on the side of the street. we will go to the zoo to see the lion and the bear and the seal and the fish that are in the tank of water. It is fun to see the look on the face of the kid when he sees the big cat eat the meat that the man gives to it. I want to go home and sleep in my bed for a long time so that I can rest my head and my leg and my arm and my foot. Do you want to come with me to the mall to buy a new hat and a new pair of shoe for the work that I do at the shop in the town. It is not hard to do the work if you know how to do it wih your hand and your eye and your brain. I like to read the book that has a lot of word in it but not too many hard word that I do not know what they mean.

There is a man who has a red hat and a blue coal and he walks with a cane in his hand as he goes down the path to the wood. I saw him look at the bird that was in the tree and he did smile at it with a big grin on his face. The bird did sing a song for the man and it was a sweet song that made the man feel good in his heart. I do not know why the man is here but he looks like a nice man who will not hurt a fly if he sees one. He has a bag on his back and I think that he has some food in it for him to eat when he gets to the place where he is going. I will not ask him where he is going for I does not want to be a pest to him. The wind is cool and it blows the leaf off of the tree and make them fall on the ground at the feet of the man. He kicks the leaf with his boot and walks on down the path. I will go back to my house now and eat some soup that is in the pot on the stove. It is good soup.

I hope that you can see what I mean when I say that it is hard to write like this for a long time. The words are short and the flow is flat and it does not have a spark of life in it at all. This is how a bot might write if it was told to use only small words and to make sure that the lines were long and full of fluff. It is a test to see if the code can spot the fake text from the real text that a man or a girl might write. If you see the red line on the side of the page then you know that the test has work and that the code is good. If you do not see the red line then there is a bug in the code. I think that it will work for I have made sure to use only the words that are on the list of bad words. The end of the text is near and I am glad for I am tire of this game. It is time to stop and rest my hand and my eye. I will go now. Bye bye.
